Conclusions: Figure 10

More discussion on impact that this has on distance scale - not null result
Know you don't have to make fe/h correction/metallicity calibration
Same PL relation
Lower limit on PL dispersion from Reticulum - omega cen puts upper limit on dispersion

Figure Based Plan:
New suggested order of figures:

    Fields figure (same as current figure 1). In section 2: Observations and Data Reduction
    PL relations using spectroscopic average metallicity (or whichever metallicity you choose to adopt as the "best" value for the analysis) Most of the current distance modulus figures use the Sollima spectrosopic average, so I'm assuming that you would pick that. This figure would be very similar to the current figure 3. In Section 4: Period Luminosity Relations
    Distance moduli plot using both types (i.e. RRab and RRc fit simultaneously) and spectroscopic metallicity. Should be using empirical PL relations for all bands (i.e Braga M4 relations for JHK, Neeley M4 relations for [3.6], [4.5], Kaluzny for optical when data is ready).  I'm not sure which plot this would correspond to in the current draft as the captions are all identical. In Section 5: Distance Moduli.
    Now we're getting into more detail in the distance moduli fitting. Distance moduli plot fitting RRab and RRc separately using all empirical PL relations and the spectroscopic metallicity. This is what you were showing at last week's meeting. Also in Section 5: Distance Moduli.
    Comparison of spectroscopic vs. photometric metallicities (current figure 2). In Section 6: Metallicity
    Distance moduli plot using empirical PL relations and the photometric metallicity and either the simultaneous RRab/RRc or the the separate fits. Which one you choose will depend on your analysis that goes with Figure 4. Whichever approach you think gives you a more robust answer should be adopted here to make a metallicity comparison. In Section 6: Metallicity.
    [Fe/H] vs residuals for each metallicity indicator. In Section 6: Metallicity.

Distance moduli suck because X, even if that's disproved later in the paper - suggest reasons for discrepancies at end of section
Low SNR data, poorly defined PL relation, metallicity
Three things that contribute to PL dispersion
Calculation of dispersion - diff between M4 and omega Cen
Add omega cen PL dispersions
Add table of distance moduli + dispersions
Sigma_observed = 5 * sigma_Neeley + sigma_photometry (avg photometric error) + sigma_metallicity (unknown) -- add in quadrature to get upper limit on Fe/H

Add fig 5 to discussion
Fuck around with metallicities, see how they change reddening + distances
Possibly split metallicity section - effect on distance, effect on mags

Discussion: THINGS KINDA SUCK
GAIA: will get metallicities for calibrators, order of magnitude more calibrators (50), parallaxes to microarcsec precision, PARALLAXES FOR OMEGA CEN WHAAAAT
Calibrators: 2017, omega cen 2022
GAIA release schedule, check website
JWST: things will suck less IF IT WORKS
For the data we can get now, we can behave as if there is no metallicity effect

Tables of band, mode, uncorrected dmod, PL scatter
